1. It prints 3. The code has console.log(i). This means print i. i is initialized as 0 at the beginning of the for loop. The for loop keeps adding 1 to i while i is less than 3 (because 3 is the length of the prices array). So, i will become 3; the for loop stops because i is no longer less than 3. 
2. It prints 150. The code has console.log(discountedPrice). This means print discountedPrice. discountedPrice is initialized as a value in the prices array multiplied by 1 minus discount. discount is initialized as 0.5. Therefore, because we are iterating through the array from left to right (by the for loop), we would end up multiplying the last or rightmost value in the array by 0.5. The last value is 300, so we output 300 * 0.5 or 150. 
3. It prints 150. The code has console.log(finalPrice). This means print finalPrice. finalPrice is initialized as the rounded result of multiplying discountedPrice by 100 and then dividing by 100. So, if we multiply and divide by 100 and then round, we still get 150. 
4. [50, 100, 150]. The code returns discounted. discounted is an array. We add each value of finalPrice to the array as we go through the for loop (this is due to the line discounted.push(finalPrice)). finalPrice is generated from multiplying discountedPrice by 100, dividing by 100, and then rounding. discountedPrice is generated by multiplying each value in the prices array by 0.5. Thus, [100, 200, 300] gives us [50, 100, 150]. 
5. ReferenceError; this is because line 12 tried to print the variable discountedPrice. However, this variable is of type let and is initialized inside the for loop. It cannot be accessed outside the for loop. 
6. ReferenceError; this is because line 13 tried to print the variable i. However, this variable is of type let and is initialized inside the for loop. It cannot be accessed outside the for loop. 
7. It will print 150; The code has console.log(discountedPrice). This means print discountedPrice. discountedPrice is initialized as a value in the prices array multiplied by 1 minus discount. discount is initialized as 0.5. Therefore, because we are iterating through the array from left to right, we would end up multiplying the last or rightmost value in the array by 0.5. The last value is 300, so we output 300 * 0.5 or 150. 
8. [50, 100, 150]; The code returns discounted. discounted is an array. We add each value of finalPrice to the array as we go through the for loop (this is due to the line discounted.push(finalPrice)). finalPrice is generated from multiplying discountedPrice by 100, dividing by 100, and then rounding. discountedPrice is generated by multiplying each value in the prices array by 0.5. Thus, [100, 200, 300] gives us [50, 100, 150]. 
9. ReferenceError; this is because line 11 tried to print the variable i. However, this variable is of type let and is initialized inside the for loop. It cannot be accessed outside the for loop. 
10. It will print 3 because line 12 says console.log(length). This is because the length of the prices array is 3, and in line 4, the variable length is initalized as prices.length.
11. [50, 100, 150]; The code returns discounted. discounted is an array. We add each value of finalPrice to the array as we go through the for loop (this is due to the line discounted.push(finalPrice)). finalPrice is generated from multiplying discountedPrice by 100, dividing by 100, and then rounding. discountedPrice is generated by multiplying each value in the prices array by 0.5. Thus, [100, 200, 300] gives us [50, 100, 150]. 
12. 
    A. student.name;
    B. student["Grad Year"];
    C. student.greeting();
    D. student["Favorite Teacher"].name;
    E. student.courseLoad[0];
13.
    A. 32; it concatenated the 2 and 3 because they are of type string
    B. 1; it subtracted the value of 2 from the value of 3 getting 1 because it saw the 2 as an int
    C. 3; it added nothing to 3, giving 3; this is because 3 is of type int
    D. 3null; it concatenated the word null to 3, giving 3null; this is because 3 is treated as a string
    E. 4; it made the value of true be 1 and added it to 3; this is because 3 is an int
    F. 3; it made the value of false to be 0 and added it to 3; this is because 3 is an int
    G. 3undefined; it concatenated the word undefined to 3; this is because 3 is a string
    H. NaN; it tried to subtract the value of undefined from 3 (as an int) but that returns a nonreal value
14.
    A. true; this is because the value of 2 is greater than 1
    B. false; this is because it compared them lexicographically and compared the first value of each: 1 and 2
    C. true; this is because lexicographically they are the same
    D. false; this is because the types are different. One is technically a string while the other is a number
    E. false; they are not the same lexicographically or by value
    F. true; any number not 0 is treated as true in Boolean
15.   The == looks at the types of the variables it is comparing. It can compare lexicographically for strings. It can compare values for ints. However, the === will looks at whether or not the values are the same. Thus, if values have different types, they will not be the same because the value of three is not the same as the value 3. 
16.   Check part2-question16.js
17.   [2, 4, 6]; I ran the code on part2-question17.js, and I added some print statements, so I could see what was being passed. I realized the function name doSomething was passed to the modifyArray function and still allowed for the doSomething function to be called. 
18.   Check part2-question18.js
19.  1
     4
     3
     2

     (Note that there was a one second delay before the 2 was printed). 